cookbook - update ECS example and intro (#4439)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/configuration-cookbook.md

version: 2.1

orbs:
  hello: circleci/hello-build@x.y.z

workflows:
  "Hello Workflow":
    jobs:
      - hello/hello-build
```

For more detailed information about CircleCI orbs, refer to the [Orbs Introduction]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/orb-intro/) page.

## Configure Your Environment for CircleCI Pipelines and Orbs

> Most recipies in this cookbook call for version 2.1 configuration, pipelines and often, orbs. Before using the examples provided it's worth checking that you're all set up for these features. The following notes and steps will get you where you need to be.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most recipes in this cookbook call for version 2.1 configuration, pipelines and often, orbs. Before using the examples provided, you should check that you are set up for these features. The following notes and steps will get you where you need to be.
```

### Setting Environment Variables
The following environment variables need to be set in CircleCI either directly or through a context:

* `AWS_ECR_ACCOUNT_URL` 
* `MY_APP_PREFIX` 
* `AWS_REGION` 
* `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`

If you need more information on how to set these environment variables, refer to the [Using Environment Variables](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/env-vars/) page in the CircleCI documentation.

> **Note:** the `CIRCLE_SHA1` variable used in this example is built-in, so is always available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** the `CIRCLE_SHA1` variable used in this example is built-in, so it is always available.
```

The following example shows building and pushing an image to AWS ECR and pushing that image as a service update to AWS ECS:
 
```yml
version: 2.1 # 2.1 config required to use orbs

orbs:
  aws-ecr: circleci/aws-ecr@x.y.z # invoke the AWS ECR orb
  aws-ecs: circleci/aws-ecs@x.y.z # invoke the AWS ECS orb

workflows:
  build-and-deploy:
    jobs:
      - aws-ecr/build-and-push-image: # orb built-in job
          repo: '${MY_APP_PREFIX}'
          tag: '${CIRCLE_SHA1}'
      - aws-ecs/deploy-service-update: # orb built-in job
          requires:
            - aws-ecr/build-and-push-image
          family: '${MY_APP_PREFIX}-service'
          cluster-name: '${MY_APP_PREFIX}-cluster'
          container-image-name-updates: 'container=${MY_APP_PREFIX}-service,tag=${CIRCLE_SHA1}'
```

For a full list of usage options and orb elements see the [AWS-ECS orb page](https://circleci.com/orbs/registry/orb/circleci/aws-ecs) in the CircleCI Orbs Registry.

> ### Verifying the Amazon ECS Service Update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Verify the Amazon ECS Service Update
```

[Using Amazon Elastic Container Service for Kubernetes (Amazon EKS)](#using-amazon-elastic-container-service-for-kubernetes-amazon-eks) | This section describes how you can use the Amazon ECS service for Kubernetes for Kubernetes-related tasks and operations.
[Enabling Custom Slack Notifications in CircleCI Jobs](#enabling-custom-slack-notifications-in-circleci-jobs) | This section describes how you can enable customized Slack notifications in CircleCI jobs.
[Using Logic in Configuration](#using-logic-in-configuration) | This section describes how you can use pipeline values & parameters to select the work to perform.
{: class="table table-striped"}

> ## Deploy changes to Amazon ECS

Reviewer 2: Changing `#deploying-software-changes-to-amazon-ecs` on line 58 to `#deploy-changes-to-amazon-ecs` should hopefully fix the failing build.

Author: Ahhhh thank you!!

The following example shows building and pushing an image to AWS ECR and pushing that image as a service update to AWS ECS:
 
```yml
version: 2.1 # 2.1 config required to use orbs

orbs:
  aws-ecr: circleci/aws-ecr@x.y.z # invoke the AWS ECR orb
  aws-ecs: circleci/aws-ecs@x.y.z # invoke the AWS ECS orb

workflows:
  build-and-deploy:
    jobs:
      - aws-ecr/build-and-push-image: # orb built-in job
          repo: '${MY_APP_PREFIX}'
          tag: '${CIRCLE_SHA1}'
      - aws-ecs/deploy-service-update: # orb built-in job
          requires:
            - aws-ecr/build-and-push-image
          family: '${MY_APP_PREFIX}-service'
          cluster-name: '${MY_APP_PREFIX}-cluster'
          container-image-name-updates: 'container=${MY_APP_PREFIX}-service,tag=${CIRCLE_SHA1}'
```

For a full list of usage options and orb elements see the [AWS-ECS orb page](https://circleci.com/orbs/registry/orb/circleci/aws-ecs) in the CircleCI Orbs Registry.

### Verifying the Amazon ECS Service Update

> Once you have updated the Amazon ECS service, verify the update was properly applied using the CircleCI AWS CLI and ECS orbs. This orb example is shown below, this time, rather than using a built-in job to perform the required process, commands from the orbs are used as steps in the job definition for a job called `verify-deployment`. 

Author: ```suggestion
Once you have updated the Amazon ECS service, you can verify the update was correctly applied. To keep your config as simple as possible, use the AWS CLI and ECS orbs. This time, rather than using an orb's built-in job to perform the required process, commands from the orbs are used as steps in the definition of the job named `verify-deployment`. 
```

      - verify-deployment
```

This example illustrates how you can use the orb to install and configure the AWS CLI, retrieve the [task definition](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/task_definitions.html) that was previously deployed, and then _verify_ the revision has been deployed using the `verify-revision-is-deployed` command from the `AWS-ECS` orb. Refer to the [AWS ECR](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/deployment-integrations/#aws-ecr--aws-ecs-orb-examples) example orb for more information on how to configure and push an image to Amazon ECS.

Find more detailed information in the CircleCI Orb Registry for the CircleCI [AWS ECS](https://circleci.com/orbs/registry/orb/circleci/aws-ecs) and [AWS ECR](https://circleci.com/orbs/registry/orb/circleci/aws-ecr) orbs.

> ## Interacting with Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Interact with Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE)
```

The Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) enables you to automate CI/CD strategies to quickly deploy code and application updates to your customers without requiring significant time to deliver these updates. Using GKE, CircleCI has leveraged this technology, along with development of a GKE-specific CircleCI orb, to enable you to interact with GKE within a specific job. Before working with GKE, you may wish to read Google's technical documentation, which can be found on the [GKE](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/) documentation page.

> ### Setting Environment Variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Set Environment Variables
```
